He has done so many things that are not human
And I apologized.
If I don't cripple him today, I will wipe out the entire Li family
Doesn't show my threat
What are you going to abolish me and destroy the Li family?
I'm dying of laughter.
You don't even look in the mirror.
See who you are
You Li family is so angry that you are selling fried noodles on the street
What right do you have to be so expensive here?
Fortunately, Master Li wisely kicked him out of the Li family
Otherwise, the Li family will be defeated by him
It is Master Li who has vision and courage
If you really give him your words
I guess I have to lose to me tomorrow
You hipsters
Really blind to the dragon
I could gouge your eyes out.
So you can take a good look.
I'll take a good look at you.
Are you still a Li wife?
You can still become a sperm if you sell fried noodles on the street
You will know
Met Mr. Li
OK
Said that the heads of state and Kubo also arrived in the southern province
Coming to Yuncheng for your wedding
Do you want me to send someone to meet them?
No need, they are all real-world friends, no need to be so polite
What did I see?
Heads of state and Kupo came to his wedding
Humph everyone
Did I hear it right?
Is that so?
Second young master, you heard right
I see him. He's crazy.
Any kind of cow can blow
In a while, I have to say that I am the Jianjun of the Kowloon Store
Hahahaha